[Music]
What's up kids? Well before
starting the video, I hope you're having
a fabulous Tuesday. Today you have a
video on the main channel. From here I want to
tell everyone to check that
you're subscribed to the main channel. In
fact, right now everyone who
's watching this video is going to go to the
main channel, click the subscribe button
and in the comments where it asks and
tell me that I came from the video on the
secondary channel. Javi.
Well, my family demands a lot of
clicks from me. I'm going to comment on a click of
Carola's live show. You know that
we coincide with him in the
squid game. He's also a streamer who
's quite powerful right now
because he's had a
pretty big hit and he's doing very well. He's
also very handsome so let's see
what happened in
Carola's string so that everyone is
sending me this clip and I have to see myself
in the obligation of commenting on it when I
really didn't feel like it's not a joke. Let's see,
xal 6-2, it always comes in handy. Salcedo
Salcedo. Let's see what
happened
Hey Carola, I've been following you for a while and
I'm a fan now that you've hit the big time I'd love for us to
play something someday if I
have it you send me 1500 I suggest click to
donate these viruses baby
that you play has spent three kilos of the
donation would this be a certain Wind and a
certain Wind and here gives her a dollar a dollar and
13 cents okay or Carola, I've
been watching you for a while and I'm a fan now
that you've hit the big time I would fly that
we play something someday if you like it
send me well
baby
and Carola who hasn't had an
Olympic time notice Carola's face
in
Hey Carola, I've been watching you for a while and
I'm a fan now that you've hit the big time
I would fly that we play something someday
if you like it send me 1500 I suggest click
pay take these viruses baby
now she has completely ignored the
donation however to the one that comes
after she does respond they do
n't want to live I think she has ignored
the donation because she suspects that it's real let's
see to me it seems too much to be
real I think this is more fake than
the salary that he paid pau is worth it to go
say that yes that yes that yes that
is nonexistent no how are you going to take windy I mean they are
too tacky there is no
too shameless
a dollar okay remember that
at least she gave the blonde ten dollars and it was
really her but a dollar would be
completely yours that
stops us on top of telling her control shamelessness
now that you have hit the boom this
is not real okay family we can't
verify it because the donation does not reach her
through bits in tweets if it had been
through bits then we could
verify it here in the chat and we could
see any account not of any
person who donated to her and such but it has
reached her through paypal not from
stringer string elements or whatever it is
okay carola but it has
not reached her through tweets so we
cannot verify it and in paypal from what
we discovered the other day no with
that debate it is so funny that we had
you can put the name you want in
the donation then of course this is
probably someone calling themselves
wind and it has been it passes by the
day pass the grace I do not know what reason
because  now william himself the truth is he's
pretty retired from the news he's
not here he quotes you let's not call it that
these 15 quotes lately and I don't know
but well whoever it is that's dealing with it I
think carola one of two or she has
taken it seriously and hasn't wanted to give it
any attention because the truth is that she has
even acted with fear she doesn't
see it and she acts as if she had
as if she were locking a
room with an octopus with knives no
something like that like I don't
even want to move or well she didn't even want to
follow the joke or answer the joke
nothing but man I think the
funniest thing was having said in
jokes family don't believe what I'm
telling you to have said something like that but
you are reading you in the
comments box I'll see you in a bit
on the main channel I send you a
huge hug and I'll see you later at night there
will be a live I imagine also in
tweets okay a hug to people
[Music]